and very good people today we are in first
tutorial and I'll show you how to download from
sandbox is a game that had enough
I thought about uploading it to my channel but first
I will upload it so that you can
download and install easy so
and it sounds link and I'll leave it in
screen
good this link
and what will this
this is this page called mega and here
they will be able to carry it weigh 30 30 27
megas so once you download
if you are looking fast
that you download and if you're eating
Quick
30%
and tell me what game they want me to upload
next tutorial that can be of
balears and forest kuyt or what you
ask me for walking dead what you
I want it to go up with pleasure for
that can be downloaded without further
effort
184 thousand 556
so
once it was almost downloaded
incidents / injuries cent is already going to me
start to download
and well, they already have it
the folder that the folder will come out with
the coso
so
Not only this
to seek them
and it is vain
history downloads
and here you can stop
malicious file
and here our folder and here is going to
out of this so
we cut it, we cut it
we paste it on the desk here we give it
right click to extract here and it's going to
start extract
good
I was already downloading here is the
binder
it's almost loaded
with 86 charges
and good a little but the thing
32 your god
and I'm going to pose for it to be downloaded
fast and you're almost there
26 78 92 and here they have it to play
ready and if you liked this video by
please like to share and good until the
next and chau
ready chao